Update Firefox 142 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes. (#40704)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/142/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

- Removed FTP proxy support from WebDriver capabilities ([Firefox bug 1972670](https://bugzil.la/1972670)).
- Updated the expiry value of all the cookies set via WebDriver BiDi and WebDriver classic (Marionette) to be limited to 400 days ([Firefox bug 1974394](https://bugzil.la/1974394)).

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Implemented the new `emulation.setLocaleOverride` command which allows clients to override a locale in JavaScript APIs ([Firefox bug 1968952](https://bugzil.la/1968952)).

> - Improved setting a proxy with `browsingContext.createUserContext`: added support for host patterns like `.mozilla.org` in `noProxy` property ([Firefox bug 1977180](https://bugzil.la/1977180)) and fixed a bug when setting an http proxy wouldn’t let to navigate to HTTPS URLs ([Firefox bug 1977168](https://bugzil.la/1977168)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved setting a proxy with `browsingContext.createUserContext`: added support for host patterns like `.mozilla.org` in `noProxy` property ([Firefox bug 1977180](https://bugzil.la/1977180)) and fixed a bug when setting an http proxy wouldn’t allow to navigate to HTTPS URLs ([Firefox bug 1977168](https://bugzil.la/1977168)).
```

maybe "allow" instead?

> - Fixed a bug when `browsingContext.create` would fail after `browsingContext.print` command would be interrupted by tab being closed via `browsingContext.close` command ([Firefox bug 1841125](https://bugzil.la/1841125)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where `browsingContext.create` would fail after a `browsingContext.print` command was interrupted by closing a tab with the `browsingContext.close` command ([Firefox bug 1841125](https://bugzil.la/1841125)).
```

- Updated the `session.end` command to resume all requests which were blocked by network interceptions ([Firefox bug 1974426](https://bugzil.la/1974426)).

#### Marionette

> - Updated the setting cookie command to throw an error when a target cookie has `sameSite=none` and `secure=false` attributes ([Firefox bug 1977205](https://bugzil.la/1977205)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Add Cookie command to throw an error when a target cookie has `sameSite=none` and `secure=false` attributes ([Firefox bug 1977205](https://bugzil.la/1977205)).
```
